Publish Package Metadata ngrok@v0.0.21 (#2600)
pulumi/registry: themes/default/content/registry/packages/ngrok/installation-configuration.md

| `apiBaseUrl` | Optional          | The API URL used to talk with ngrok. The default is `https://api.ngrok.com.` (environment: `NGROK_API_BASE_URL`). |

{{% notes type="warning" %}}

> You should use the `--secret` flag to encrypt the config values using your secret provider. For more information on this, view the [Pulumi Configuration Secrets](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/concepts/secrets/#secrets) section in the Pulumi docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use the `--secret` flag to encrypt the config values using your secret provider. For more information on this, view the [encrypted secrets in configuration data](/docs/concepts/secrets/#secrets) section in the Pulumi docs.
```
